# On Canvas and Model
We should rememeber that the role of canvas_widget is to edit the model.
So whenever model changes we should signal about it.
The model maintains drawing in different units: centimeters.
what types of objects we are going to have:
   1) just lines -- usually drawn on special underlying layer.
   2) ducts -- in fact this is real model. Lines are not part of the model and we don't care.
   But ducts is the thing.
   3) wormhole -- an element going up or down to next or previous floor. In fact, it seemse
   like we don't need wormhole directly and we actually don't care whether it is 90 degrees
   left/right or up/down. While our App is not going to support 3d but in fact we can just
   produce 3d. We can have 3d preview however as separate view for the model. In this view we
   may have other layers displaued flat but ducts in 3d.
 How we are going to draw this thing?
   1) When we want to go up we just put special element (warmhole). When this is added, we
   can this means that we created 90 direction change. What if we want to narrow down this
   pipe?
 We just select this "point/wormhole" and edit as any other pipe. The only difference is
 that in Top View we see it as a point. The diameter can be displayed differently however.
 We can also color code size  to see the difference between 120 and 130 (we can have a
 gradient between two colors for  this purpose).
 We cannot see height of duct this way.
 Also, we can have special anchor that when we clicked on this wormhole right mouse button
 and there will be go to other floor. So we go to another floor. Ideally there should be
 nice animated
 move in orthogpahic pojection to see corresponding palce on second floor.


# How ductwork drawing can be implemented

We are basically drawing a polyline. That comes from the fact, that we want to have
all ducts connected. That is basic premise. Now, we can move legs similar to haw we move lines,
and all connected legs will follow. Another option is to move joints between lines.
The joints itself have type.

How the drawing mechanics looks like?
1) We select the tool. Now, when we click somewhere "in a milk", we created first endpoint of a line,
when we move the cursor, second endpoint is drawn. Between the line there  is a joint. Now, the
question is how we are supposed to select joint. We know that there are exists certain joint types:
90 degrees, 60 degrees, 45 degrees and thus we should restrict free drawing on geometry level to these joint types.
This is going to have impact on all drawing, including edits one wants to make later.


# How to draw HVAC like things
It seems like we need a whole new set of instruments.
The main challange is how to how draw pipes. Pipes are like polylines which are rendered with body.

# Adapter Tool

Adapter tool in its basic form aimed to connect to connect two ducts.
In non-basic form it allows to split part of a network so that after adapter everything changes its base diameter.



